I plant a gentle kiss on his forehead.
With this little morning ritual our day begins with a prayer to Utu, god of the Sun and justice.
Finishing the daily duty, Nabisin prepares to head down to the central market.
Noticing Lulu went back to sleep, Nabisin plant another kiss on his forehead.
“Sleep good my dear.”
“I’m going to the central market buy some bread and barley.”
The central market was busy and crowded with many people, mainly other goats and sheep.
On some columns and alleys you see many people playing some games, namely Senet and other variations of Mankala.
Some places you see lizard guards looking down on the commonfolk.
How unusual, there were more lizard guards today than yesterday. {w}I hope the temple hasn’t forgotten to warn me about any coming celebration.
Ignoring the menacing men in armor and weapons, Nabisin had set a goal in his mind.
The stand where he usually bought bread and barly was crowded.
Not an issue for a patient priest... {w}Unless, he remembered of making his daily offerings to the temple of bread and sesame oil.
Leaving the central mark to enter the temple district, Nabisin calls for Shelibuum.
“Heyy Nabby!”
“How ya doing?”
“Haven’t seen you in the temple the last days, I’ve begun to grow worry you might’ve shirked your duties.”
You remember the time you spent looking to impress your parents who decided to visit just in the wrong time.
“Ahh… about that, I’m deeply sorry I have made the gods wait for my return.”
“My parents came at a time of hardship for both me and Lulu and I had to turn my full attention to them.”
“I guess the other priests didn’t tell you.”
“Ah, I heard all matters pertaining you were secretive and matter of the temple and the patron god.”
“So that may be the reason why I wasn’t notified of your break.”
“Anyway, may we change the subject.”
“Today by the central market I noticed an increased presence of lizard guards, what’s that for?”
“Oh, while you were away, the main Ziggurat was finished. We can now begin the celebrations.”
I’m not surprised by these news. Everyone was pretty much talking about it at the central market murmuring to each other.
Everyone was afraid so many people would loose their jobs because the construction of the ziggurat employed many, including slaves.
Nabisin was never comfortable about slaves, many of them were ungulates.
It was a sick joke from the gods. {w}Had he not chosen his current path he would be forced into servitude.
Speeding his pace each step, Nabisin remembered a conversation he had with one of the elder priests.
“Have the arrangements for the celebration begun?”
“As of now, there’s not much. {w}We shall begin by documenting all the wealth we have acquired so far.”
“We are planning a celebration to honor the long years to come forth, asking divine intervention for immeasurable wealth and power.”
“Right, I remember.”
“Will Luludân have a part in this?”
“As an aspiring scribe, I hope his master has something prepared for him.”
“He’s one of the first of his kind to become a scribe so early on life.”
“His master, Ninni told me he’s a good one when it comes the little details.”
“All others mess up the signs and end up having to scrape the whole thing.”
“Anyway, I'll leave you to it Nabisin, take care.”
The day goes smoothly.
Upon returning home to see it’s still early in the morning, Nabisin finds Lulu getting ready to go to his daily writing training.
Today’s routine is set to calculate some newly bought lands for people up in the mountains.
As for Nabisin, he starts setting up things for the celebration that was to come in the next weeks or so.
The night came as soon as Nabisin looked up.
Already tired, panting and faltering, Nabisin was torn apart from running around consulting with different priests, assistants and slaves.
All he wanted was to see Lulu.
Returning home, Nabisin took note to talk to Lulu, as he had been missing his partner the entire day.
In the bed, there was a silhouette only Nabisin knew.
He soon found himself snuggling into the sheets with his lover.
The nights were much more meaningful to Nabisin that way. It didn’t matter if people thought wretched things of both of us.
Being like this was the best feeling so far.
“Heey…”
“You finally home.”
“Shhhh…”
“The moon.”
“Look at him.”
The moon was especially bright that day, almost blinding the light of stars.
“The Dingir smile to us.”
“So beautiful.”
They slowly closed their eyes to the calming view of their window that was just by their bed in the corner of their bedroom.
The next day was usual.
Plant a kiss on Lulu’s forehead.
Hymn to Utu, Dingir of the sun.
Run temple errands and moving onto the newly built Ziggurat.
This wasn’t a difficult task on paper, but it proved to be much laborious for both temple staff and Nabisin.
A friend of Nabisin approached him to help, one of the priests of the temple complex.
He had dedicated most of his service to curing the sick and prescribing remedies for curses cast upon the weak.
Its also of his craft to be a carpenter when he has time to do so.
He carves little statuettes of the Dingir for those who can’t buy one made out of stone.
Even more, he’s also specialized in votive offerings of sick people who had been cured by their familiar deity.
“Oi, Nabisin, my young priest.”
“How have things been these past few months?”
“I heard from others you took a small break from the temple matters.”
“Ah, it was nothing really.”
“Just my parents visiting me.”
“I had to find good rooms for them both.”
“I hoped the temple had given me a permission to stay away for a time to care for my elder parents who came from a long travel.”
“Very wise of your judgment. The Dingir are pleased with your dedication to the humbleness of honoring your progenitors.”
“Thank you for that. I was sure I had angered the Dingir threefold by being absent for so long.”
“But I am joyous of my return to the temple duties.”
“Enough of that chattering.” 
“I heard the king shall commute with us today evening.”
“Heard this will the appointment ceremony of newcomer priests and reassigning of areas of acting.”
“That would be great, I ponder if Lulu could come over and sit by my side.”
“You must know not many people are accordant with your man to man relation with Luludân.”
“I need not to sneak him in, he’s practically familiar with all the people in here.”
“It is not of us to contest the laws given by gods.”
“You two aren’t damned however, just bring him under the pretext of servitude.”
“That would be absurd.”
“It would be unhinged of me to make my lover, a slave.”
“I suppose you really love that one, well.”
“Have you thought of dressing him as a priest that you took under your wings as an aspiring devotee of Sîn, thus ceasing the questions around you and the young.”
“I will do as you suggest.”
“I’m much obliged for helping me out with this one.”
“As a devotee of the Dingir, I shall also listen to the laws, but a secular feeling is telling me otherwise.”
“This evening I will have to pass this dinner.”
“Age is catching up on me, and I have become limp and much older.”
“I hope the other temple staff won’t notice your belittling of the occasion.”
“All I do is for the people and especially the weak.”
“If their mood is easily soured, then I have no business with those men.”
“Tell them on my behalf, I have more important hidden matters for the next three days.”
“That’ll do.”
That day was specially windy.
A simple white robe flies as the wind strangles the simple fabric.
Unbothered but still appreciating the freedom the soft breeze.
Snapping out of this trance, Nabisin starts jogging towards home.
Nothing much out of the ordinary, however Nabisin encounters Kurraagal.
“Oh! Slow down, you!”
“Hey Nabby, don’t be a stranger!”
“Salutations Kurra. It’s been a couple weeks since our last conversation.”
“I was actually busy too. My newborn son took all the time I had at my disposal.”
“The little boy is strong!”
“Ah! I’m extremely jubilous for you!”
“Praised be the Dingir for bringing you forth such strong children!”
“Now, may I finish our small conversation? I have duties back at home.”
 “Don’t be a stranger Nabby, I know the temple keeps you busy but take some time for you.”
 With that, Kurra sprint back to his house, almost falling from stumbling on some rocks.
Back on track, Nabisin quickly came back home.
“Hey Lulu, where are you?”
“I have a surprise for you…”
“Hey Nab.”
“D’ya wanna eat some Sasqu?”
“No, no, not yet my fluff.”
“Need to tell you, I’m going to dine with the king.”
“And, best of all, you can go with me!”
 “Me?”
“A mere scribe apprentice. You’re kidding me.”
“By Nabu, how are you supposed to sneak me in. Are gonna sneak me into one of garments?”
“Hehehe.”
“Cut it out!”
“My garments are reserved for only one person.”
“Anyway, I shall get you in by pretending you’re priest apprentice I took under my wings.” 
Leaning back on his chair, Lulu raised the spoon, swallowing his delicious goop.
“Interesting.”
“Hmmmm...”
“Are they going to believe it?”
“You need not speak a single word about it.”
“Many other priest apprentices will also be there, so don’t you worry.”
“My descent is not noble, nor were my parents from notable origins.”
“Hmmmm…”
“It is decided, I will play pretend alongside you, my partner in crime!”
“You little fluffball.”
“Quickly!”
“Let’s go to the bathhouse, there I shall borrow you acolite garments.”
Taking Lulu by his hand, they hug tightly.
On their way to the bathhouse the night begins slowly.
The bathhouse was especially empty that evening.
Lulu was quick to strip down, as he only had a few garments and a tunic.
“Shit! I forgot to return my stylus.”
“It’s the fifth time, my master lent me a new stylus.”
“You need to be careful with that, or else Aradmu will skin you alive.”
“Quiet now, Nabby!”
Wrapping his stylus in his dirty garments, Lulu runs towards Nabisin.
The water was specially crystal clear that night, the moonlight had just invaded the enclosure reflecting in the main pool.
“Nabby, come join me here the water is so good~.”
“Luu, you’re such a crybaby; I’m going to join you silly.”
Quickly removing his garments, Nabisin steps in to the pool where his boyfriend was also bathing.
Rubbing the dirt and sweat of labour, soon the freshness of being clean replaced worriness and stress of everyday duties.
Suddenly you feel water gush in your direction.
 !!! SWOOSH !!!
“HEY!”
“Quit being a toddler Lu!”
“You’ll never catch me alive you nerd!”
“Ahhh!!!”
Trying to swim with such huge horns was no easy task.
 Antlers too proved to be a challenge for Lulu.
Slowing down, Lulu wrapped his arms around Nabisin for a tight hug, spooning him but also trapping him in his wet embrace.
Planting several kisses on his cheeks, Nabisin couldn’t stop laughing as the whole situation melts into several feelings just by being by his lover.
Several moments later, time became meaningless.
The circumstances to which one of they had to abide to that night became utter senseless words. With each kiss and embrace, things began to disintegrate in an amourphous mass of just Nabisin and Lulu.
The wet sensation further contributed, there was no indication where Nabisin began and where Lulu ended.
…
Suddenly a sense of urgency woke them both.
Rapidly rushing to leave the pool they both had to find their garments.
The priest garment for Nabisin and an acolite garment for Luludân.
“Oh no, we are late, we need to run!”
Even though the whole situation was sudden they still had fun running together, dodging every obstacle on the way.
Soon enough they were in the palace of the king.
32 acolites and 10 priests were present at the dinner. 
With now the presence of Nabisin and Luludân, everyone finally sat down in their respective place.
Sitting on this designated seat, Nabisin noticed some old collegues from when he was still a priest apprentice.
A lot of them had become priests of many different gods or healers of curses.
To his disappointment, or rather unsurprise, some of those collegues still held a distaste for Nabisin and his liking of the same sex.
On that occasion, nothing could be done against him, but it was obvious. Nabisin began to ponder if they would ever be capable of voicing their distate against his relationship with Lulu.
That, together with the mild discomfort of disguising Lulu as an acolyte of his, just so he could be by his lover that night.
Nabisin hoped nothing out of ordinary would happen, apart from the uncomfortable glares from right and left. He felt the need to keep an eye on every single one of them.
Sitting by his left side, Nabisin was nodded the entire time, reassuring Lulu to keep him at ease.
Lulu was strangely calm that night, unlike Nabisin, whose anxiety started to steadily increase in the back of his mind.
His garments felt heavy as a nervous heat invaded his body on such a chilly night. Sweat was dripping down his chest; his slippery extremeties ensured an impending disaster, trying to hold cups and food once serving small dishes began that night.
Once a few moments went by, the majority of guests settled their eyes upon them both. They weren’t threatning, just giving dirty looks. Sometimes they would resume eating, listening to music or chatting about anything.
Nabisin noticed it, still feeling uneasy about it. His garments were drenched from his sweat. He tried to breath and keep his composure throughout the night.
It was becoming rather noticeable. They all looked distressed, even disgusted. Nabisin couldn’t figure out their intentions. He began to succumb to the embarrassment.
Just across the table, an unfamiliar face tried to call his attention.
“Oi!”
“You there, look ‘ere.”
Nabi cocked his head toward the rather annoying acolyte.
He quickly recognized who was trying to call him out.
Utudug, was a difficult figure. He always made fun of his peers.
Despite being an acolyte of the temple, he was always drunk and hard to deal with. When not drunk, he’s rude towards others, shouting insults and being a deceitful person.
The only reason why he still had his privileges is due to his family donating enourmous amounts of wealth and has commissioning services from the temple many times, enough for the construction of tombs and special ceremonies.
“Hey! I’m talking to you.”
“A cat ate your tongue?”
Proceding to reply to him, Nabisin is interrupted again by Utudug.
“Hah! I didn’t know you were still walking around with these boys.”
Anger replaced the discomfort Nabisin felt at the moment, a boiling sensation for he knew what could come next.
“I’m indeed surprised you still hold no liking for the feminine body, may the gods help you.”
“Oh right, your taste is of the masculine flesh, what a shame for a priest…”
Nabisin tried to contain his temper, only to be met with another sting of anger.
Lulu quietly stopped caressing Nabisin, but he couldn’t help but stare blankly at the empty bowl.
Lulu tried to hold Nabisin’s arm as a way to ground himself.
Nabi stood up, freeing himself from Lulu’s tight hold, slightly embarrassed, but above all furious and ready to raise his voice.
Finding some strength to speak up, he composed himself as to not scream and call everyone’s attention. Still, he wanted to scream, even shake Utudug from his chair at that moment.
“I have heard enough of your words.”
“Who are you to dictate what someone loves. It is not and never will be, your business to order others around like that!”
Noticing he has raised his voice a little much, Nabisin quickly clamped his muzzle shut and rapidly sunk into his seat.
Utudug expression became coarse and irritated, as if it was more than just a conversation; in fact he seemed to take it as a serious offense.
Lulu’s face was also buried, but he soon let his arms dangle, acting as if nothing had happened.
To their relief the high priests came, bearing a shocking revelation for everyone at the table.
Just across the table Shelibuum sat patiently, calmly listening to the high priests babble whenever she was able.
Although incredibly useful, she was just another acolyte in training.
Already bored of the altercation, relief came when the music finally began to play.
Food was also served alongside.
...
Once everybody was satisfied with their meal, conversation about matters regarding the ceremony in honour of the god of the moon sprung up.
Suddenly Nabisin felt a touch, or rather a hand slip into his thighs. It was Lulu, who wanted to speak in private.
They both excused themselves and went to a private enclure within the temple, away from the treasury so as not to raise suspicions.
“Hey, I know this is for you, but we need to go.”
“That Utudug person represents unknown risks.”
“I am deeply sorry, I didn’t mean to ruin this night.”
“Look at me, I’m not angry with you, other people are the problem. We are all free to love whoever we want.”
“And I love you.”
“No-.”
“I-, I mean, he’ll come for us.”
“You were right to speak up. It is his problem he took offense upon your rebuke.”
“Remember, you are a priest and he’s a problematic acolyte I assume from his garments.”
“Anyhow, we need to leave, but that would be even an greater offense.”
“But I cannot bear this anymore, their eyes were all on me. On us!”
“I must speak to Shelibuum.”
“We must leave as to not cause more ruckus.”
“Then, so be it, we can leave.”
“But keep in mind you don’t need to put your hand into the fire for me.”
“I can just leave.”
“No, it wont be the same, besides I have already soured the mood. If I return without you, it’ll cause more confusion and thus give opportunities for more arguments to spring up.”
“It’s better if we both depart from here and finish the night early.”
Nabisin said that but in the back of his mind loomed the possible outcomes of both leaving and staying without Lulu.
“If you insist, you are doing this out of your own volition my love.”
“I am willing to take the consequences.”
“Anyway, we must be off.”
Nabisin notified Shelibuum of his early departure.
Unsurprised of her reaction, Nabisin shrugged but with a face that revealed his true sentiment.
She knew what was up, she was the most supportive person of their relationship. Nabisin helped her too in times of distress.
They were practically born and raised in the same house. They cared for each other like brother and sister.
He knew those old men bore her as well, but she was unable to leave, even more so than Nabisin.
Still, the nagging feeling that staying there just to lashed out by those men again was totally unacceptable.
Upon reaching the main entrance, Nabisin noticed a few acolytes standing by. He instantly recognized their badge and their faces.
That meant trouble. Nabisin took the hand of his lover and they both darted towards a dark corner.
Confused but also mildly annoyed Lulu spoke:
“Huff, huff… Hey, hey, calm down tall one, what’s the matter?”
“They mean trouble.”
“From my own experience they were not friendly toward me in the past.”
“You mean, the man liking part too?”
“Yes.”
“But, no need to worry, I know my ways around here.”
“We must pass through other corridors to avoid them.”
Many corridors after, they went through an lesser known exit of the Ziggurat. Thankfully, Nabisin just a few days prior and took his time to explore around.
Had he not been born with an astouding photographic memory, they would be lost.
Running down the empty, eery streets of Ur posed all kinds of perils.
Robbery, murder, kidnapping and extortion, but hopefully it was past the hour for most people to sleep.
The silent ambiance, absent of speech greeted the pair. Only the chirping grasshoppers croaking toads, or the melancholic call of the owl occasionally pierced the silence.
Thoughts began to pile up one on top of another, leaving his mind numb, limbs limp. Even so he kept running with Lulu by his side.
Sometimes he was distracted from what he was doing, why he was so afraid of what the future poses for them.
Then the cycle of endless distressing thoughts, seemingly misremembering facts, limpness of the body and the rushing adrenaline combined together. His mind constantly became overwhelmed, remembering approaching the point of blackout.
Arriving home was not the problem but dodging everyone’s inquiries with an almost dead stare at the main patio has been proven to be a burden to both of them.
Their sudden departure could’ve ignited all kinds of good and bad reactions, each had its own weight.
Now everything that mattered was keeping Lulu safe. He couldn’t bear to lose him again, or even consider the possibility of getting lost.
“Huff, huff, Are you alright my lover?”
“One moment….”
“Breathe in, breathe out.”
“…”
“Yeah, I’m ok.”
“Shall we go to sleep, the day was long but this night was even more so.”
“Rest is well deserved.”
As they both went to sleep, a nagging feeling ran through Nabisin’s mind, one he couldn’t shake it no matter what.
He sat down in a chair just across their bedroom refusing to sleep, his thoughts once again run wild.
Running allowed them to escape, but once Nabisin calmed down, only one thing was left to do...
Lulu, noticing he was just across the bedroom sitting on the old chair, decided to hover over him.
“Nabby, won’t you come to sleep with me, my lovely loaf of bread?”
Lulu noticed the stiffness in Nabisin’s posture; he began shaking as if the ground had slowly opened and the earth crumbled under his feet.
A tender, soft voice invaded his ears, calling him amidst his ever growing anxiety, muffling all the sounds around him.
The voice of Lulu came as if on cue. He was the best person Nabisin could’ve wished for.
“Hey, come back now, what’s the matter?”
Tears started rolling down his cheeks. He tried to hide his face because he hated crying in front of anyone.
Lulu tried to comfort his lover.
His tight embrace covered Nabisin. Still sitting on the chair, Lulu decided to lift him and place him in the bed.
Between tears and attempts to speak, Nabisin finally could muster some words amongst sobs.
“I fear they might come for us…”
“It was not wise of me to sneak you in.”
“I’m so, so, so sorry Lulu. It shouldn’t have ended this way, and now they might come for us both.”
Lulu knew exactly what he was speaking of; it was not the third or fourth time this has happened.
The constant fear their relationship posed for both of them was dangerous. People were rarely kind-hearted towards them.
It was as if the world had turned its back on them.
A community once composed of a family clan and few adherents became a booming city with over more than hundreds.
“Shhh…”
“Calm now, deep breaths, in and out my love.”
The confort of Lulu’s voice prompted Nabisin to snap back to reality.
In one moment, a turbulent wave of thoughts invaded Nabisin’s mind of all the terrible possible punishments they could get simple from ditching the party earlier.
In the next, it was erased by peace, calmness and Lulu’s lips being pressed against his muzzle.
Nabi felt Lulu’s fur and made it his bed while he laid down.
No more desolated in dark thoughts, Nabi wanted to scream.
Scream so loud the gods would worry humanity might’ve doomed itself.
But nothing came out.
During and after the panic attack Lulu embraced him.
Nabisin was progressively returning to reality, snapping out of his trance.
“It’s ok, nothing’s bad going to happen.”
“But what if they come for us?!”
Almost crying again, Lulu hugged him tighter and in his embrance calmness reigned once more.
“I have a plan.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Of course I do my beloved Luludân.”
“It would be fool of me not to.”
“Then it is time to finish this day.”
“It has been long enough.”
“No-, I don’t want it to end.”
“Please stay by my side.”
“I’ll never leave you behind…”
“You are mine and I am yours, and we are both the secret of each other’s existence.”
“Never forget this.”
All his worries faded and they both went to sleep. Maybe it was the chilly night that made everything else so much bearable. As Nabisin went to sleep he locked his eyes on Lulu as he also began drifting to dreamland.
Good night my lover, I hope I neve lose you out of my sight.
Ever…
…
If a man spreads the word about his comrade, saying, “Everyone sodomizes him” and further, “I can prove the charges against you,” but he is unable to do so, they shall strike that man 50 blows with rods; moreover, he shall pay 3,600 shekels of lead.
Luludân was well acquainted with the laws, even if they were of divine inspiration he still questioned all of them, not less than a month after he almost got fired, if it weren’t for his dedication…
Nabisin always told him to hold tight, things might get better in the future. Luludân wanted to protect Nabisin… no matter the cost.
As Nabi slowly fell asleep, the night felt much colder and lonely.
A thought came across Lulu’s mind, leading him to rise and sit in the same chair Nabisin was previously sobbing.
Guilt, because he had thought he dragged Nabisin along with him just to fuck up everything now.
Guilt, because he knew the consequences of liking the same sex letter by letter. Guilt because he couldn’t make it up, so a thought invaded his mind ...
... to leave and never be seen again and to leave Nabisin alone. To leave and be imprisoned instead of Nabisin.
The feeling of something hammering his chest came; breathing felt heavy and frantic, and even so, he felt like a void was growing inside of him, almost engulfed by the same thing that Nabisin had gone through a few moments before.
Intrusive thoughts made everything much worse. Tears started to fall as Lulu almost ripped his ears. Then he snapped; he had to leave.
Outside, the wind was piercing through his bones, causing an unbearable chill —the very same cold Nabisin would experience if he didn’t do something to remedy this.
Running back to the palace, he had forgotten the way; each street felt unrecognizable; his thoughts became jumbled with voices and feelings of regret, guilt, and anxiety.
Crying was not enough; he had to do something to free his lover from them; he had the urge to beat them, crush them, and even set them ablaze, for he would do everything to protect his Nabi.
There was a sudden gush of air, and the ground felt like collapsing under him. No one heard it, but Lulu had tripped over his own feet.
The ground felt much less painful than all the feelings bubbling inside him; an unfamiliar sound echoed through his skull.
A dark liquid started to drip once he groggily stood up. 
Feeling pain, he groped the top of his head as if he knew what had happened.
One of his antlers had broken, and the blood soaked his fur, mixing with tears; he was now feeling like things were starting to blur.
He didn’t know what happened from then on. Had he fallen? He limply walked towards a wall to rest. All he could remember was he had promised Nabisin would be protected. No matter what.
The day came, and with it, the early morning sounds of birds chirping and the nearby market slowly woke Nabisin up. Nabisin felt so alone; the side of the bed previously occupied by Lulu was cold and lacked his figure.
Still sluggish from the restless night, Nabisin realized the guards might have come for Lulu instead of him.
Panting and still half-dressed, he hopped out of bed quickly and started to leave.
He suddenly heard heavy footsteps coming. The door had been left ajar all night as if someone had fled the house.
Lulu! No, he wouldn’t do that!
Nabisin pondered to himself. He was still unsure why he was alone and if that was the only explanation for why their house had been intact but devoid of Lulu.
“Nabisin of the temple, come down immediately!”
The guards’ voices hit like a hammer. Nabisin, completely frightened of what would happen, stood still, staring at the window, thinking of whether he should do something crazy.
Instead, he complied with the orders, as any more offense to the guards other than making them wait meant costly fees, or far worse, death. They waited for Nabisin to appear.
Their faces were stoic, distant, and demanding authority, and by the time Nabisin was close enough, they pulled him by his arms and dragged him to the outside.
The sunlight hit Nabisin in the eyes, temporarily blurring his vision. However, once everything started making sense again, some folks looked down on him some expecting this to happen, others worried about Nabisin’s fate from now on.
The day’s heat struck him. A damp sensation soaked some of his garments, and the heavy cuffs made his wrists ache. The heavy bronze was abrasive, wounding Nabisin’s fragile flesh. 
Everyone’s eyes were sharp upon him, as if hundreds of thorns were penetrating his skin while trudging through an unkempt garden. Occasionally their gazes averted back to their own business.
Not long after, children that Nabisin recognized and some he even used to play with disappeared into the safety of the walls of their homes.
It was uncommon for someone to be imprisoned so early in the morning, as a priest’s daily duties were to give offerings to the gods. Space and time melded together.
The palace’s streets, arches, and patios became a hot mess to Nabisin. All he could think about was Lulu and what could have become of him.
Attempts to free himself from the guards’ tight hold proved futile. The path that was once familiar to Nabisin became the very reason why he wanted to stray away from it. He yearned to go back home, and clung to fleeting hope that the gods had spared Lulu.
…
Morning came and went. Had he fallen or got carried by someone else? Was he buried under dirt mistaken for a body? It was a complex matter to discern at the moment.
Lulu opened his eyes. He found himself in a dark space. A ray of sunlight seeped through a window open just enough that he could look up at the figure that he assumed had taken upon his weight and put him on the bed.
“Ah! You’re finally awake.”
Trying to stand up, he almost fell again.
“No, please stay put, you’re too much hurt to move.”
“I found you sprawled out upon the ground a couple of hours ago.”
“...I think someone must have stolen your antler. Just before I arrived it was still there, but once I made my way to your unconscious body it was nowhere to be found.”
Sitting on the stiff bed frame, Lulu started to recount all the events that led him to his fate.
Falling on the ground, breaking his antler, getting lost in the night…
... Leaving Nabby behind.
Once those last thoughts echoed through his mind, tears matted his fur as he lifted his hands to cover his face. Anger boiled inside of him like an erupting volcano. He was full of guilt for loving Nabisin, and guilt he had abandoned him for such a petty reason, and he had failed miserably to even to do that.
Thoughts simmered in Lulu’s head as he tried to hide his shame.
I’m a failure, I’m a failure, I’m a failure…
No one can fix what I’ve done. I’ve brought this upon myself and Nabisin. I just wish it could be just us. I wish things could’ve been easier. I wish things would work out as everyone says.
Why must they bother us? We never did anything to deserve this persecution. We were always there to help people, but what if we were always the problem?
A sea of regret washed over Luludân. Every sound became white noise drowned in a dense liquid. He wanted to go back and profusely apologize to Nabisin, saying he was sorry ... sorry for everything.
With muzzle buried in his hands, still sobbing, he tried to raise his voice but barely could make audible sounds; under his uncontrolled breath, he winced.
“I’m so sorry Nabby… I shouldn’t have never...d-, do- ... -ne that…”
I shouldn’t have kept things so secretive that day we first met. If only I had been open then, maybe we wouldn’t be treading on eggshells now.
For inebriating the details, hiding behind my facade, and pretending nothing would happen to us ... I was so naive and couldn’t bear you knowing and hating me for it.
I hope you don’t have such a distorted image of me because of all my inconsistencies over the years.
I just needed time to tell you. Now, it may never manifest into reality.
Amidst the chaos in Lulu’s mind, his surroundings were reduced to black cloth, threatening to choke him as time passed.
Suddenly, a noise distracted him from his sorrowful whimpers and flood of tears.
He suddenly found himself at what had once been an unfamiliar place to Lulu, but now it felt familiar.
Looking even closer, adjusting his eyes to the amount of light coming off the window to his back, he noticed something odd, or rather, something he knew all too well.
That’s when he realized he had been at his house the entire time and that his mysterious savior was also long gone.
Maybe if he hadn’t wept like a toddler, they would have remained there, but on more pressing matters.
Lulu had to recompose himself as the environment he found himself in was coming together with memories.
Tears came back rolling, but not of melancholy but of happiness. Had Nabisin prayed for Lulu to find his way out? Lulu was convinced he had to do something to fix his wrongdoings.
{cps=2}...{/cps}
Moist, stale air awaited Nabisin inside the prison the kings had designed to hold hardened criminals. Rarely was someone imprisoned there; house arrest was much preferred for less sensitive cases.
Yet, Nabisin had been an essential priest for many years, having escaped servitude under the current reign of King Shulgi.
Needless to say, it’s a sensitive case. Perhaps any further ruckus would lead the populace to question the authority and resolve of the king. He likely needed to care of Nabisin before more rumors went astray.
It is not a king’s perogative to execute the punishment, but rather that of judges and other scribes; through his connections, perhaps Lulu could help Nabisin, but that is for the future to decide.
The worst part of this entire avail is Nabisin’s compliance. He knew something like this could happen, but he wasn’t expecting it to happen from his carelessness for raising his voice in defence at a banquet.
If being executed would give a solid end to his life, this was only the beginning of his downfall. If the gods had blessed his people, why of all things do so many narrowminded people harass him?
No response came.
He was expecting this, but now, dwelling in these thoughts and surrendering to his fate, Nabisin had to do something ... Anything, really.
Wait, what was his response?
Waiting for when the tides would become more favorable? Was acting on impulse is the best choice? Praying was the only activity he could think of to ease his mind.
How many days have gone by? He couldn’t be sure, but they usually treated cases like these quickly. He could be executed or exiled, beaten or pay exhorbant fees of many shekels...
One day and one night could have went by, or three weeks, even three moons. Time became meaningless being there. Had his lover forgotten him yet?
No!
Nabisin almost yelled in response to his intrusive thought.
His throat was coarse, his appearance disheveled and all hygiene was neglected. He truly felt alone, thoughts burbling and throttling. Nabisin swore he was drowning.
Guards came in and out, but no sign or news of Lulu. Nabisin thought of many possibilities, but even standing became a difficult task. The ceiling felt as if it were slowly closing down upon him.
Nabisin had never feared tight spaces, but newfound claustrophobia surfaced due to his current situation.
Unsure of how far the prison was from his house or the city of Ur, he wondered how his neighbors were living in his absence.
He used to cherish the little neighborhood he lived in.
He was playful with the children and empathetic with the sick who had called his service to bring cures and blessings...
The cold ground and rancid stench of his cell rudely booted Nabisin from his memories back to reality.
He missed the freshness of his special someone, someone he cares for and longs for, but even in the darkest pit, he could still see the light coming from above, faint though it appears. He clung to the hope Lulu could rescue him.
Days went by, still nothing of note happened. He began wondering if the pain they would inflict on him was as bad as others made it out to be.
The last time he heard someone had been whipped seemed to be a lifetime ago.
Thinking back when he was a child, he had heard the story that someone down the street had been punished because others had spoken ill of him when he could not prove otherwise.
Nabisin’s mother had disapprovingly nodded towards the man, condemning him of being deserving of that kind of punishment.
Right now, he couldn’t bear the thought of being hurt by others.
Even though he grew accustomed to his preference being frowned upon by many others of his kin, he found refuge in being all by himself. Refuge by hiding in corners and not speaking up.
But then, one day, he found someone hiding in his spot.
...
He was squinting and contorting himself to penetrate the crevices of his hideout.
He felt an odd presence, larger than himself. {w}He then noticed an antler peeking out.
At first, Nabisin thought it would poke out his eye, blinding him.
He kept at a safe distance. {w}The other boy didn’t react to Nabisin’s presence. Had he been staring at the figure for more than a couple of minutes? He didn’t know.
They were alike in that they both had to take care of extra head gear that so annoyingly made matters difficult. {w}Entering houses of smaller species was no easy feat.
It was impressive that both of them could squeeze into that space and reside it for more than a couple hours without feeling the abrasive walls closing in.
Trying to adjust himself to a more comfortable position, Nabisin tried to lean against a brittle wall. {w}As soon as he put half of his weight against it, it collapsed, and he almost hit the ground.
Awkwardly trying to pretend nothing had happened, one of the deer’s ears raised as he heard the sound of the crumbling bricks and ash rising.
The figure looked back toward Nabisin, who had hurriedly and awkwardly tried to hide in another part of the ruins. The boy was holding a stick and drawing something in the dirt akin to a circle.
“Hey, you.”
“I can see your tail.”
Ignoring the spoken word, Nabisin tried to cover his tail.
“No, don’t hide it silly!”
“It looks silky and cute.”
“Go away.”
“Why should I?”
“I’m just here by myself doing nothing.”
“This is my special place.”
“Then, let it be our place.”
“See, I just started something.”
“Also, the name’s Luludân.”
I’m unsure what Luludân meant by that, but Nabisin felt like helping him.
A weird aura surrounded the entire place once Nabisin stepped closer, cold but also warm; the lights that bathed the place started to shift and merge as if they were underwater; darkness sometimes made itself greater than light but was quickly overwhelmed by light again.
Something was off. He could hardly recollect all that had happened in the last minute or so. It was as if nothing had happened.
There was a gap in his memory, one that could never be filled, no matter how hard Nabisin tried to think the first day he met Lulu.
He didn’t think ill of his lover; maybe it was just a matter of being young and not remembering much of those times. Memories often get distorted over time.
Lulu told Nabisin much later, once they started dating, that he had hit his head trying to hide from him.
And sure, Nabisin knew he had almost crumbled as he remembered details of the walls giving up on weight.
But, while it seemed easy to dismiss it as just kids being extremely clumsy, Nabisin couldn’t pinpoint the source of why his head later that day felt lighter than ever; maybe a headache had to stroke him, and recollecting the events of their first meeting must’ve been too embarrassing, even to your taste.
Trust was blindly put to exercise; Nabisin didn’t think of that day anymore but of the moments that made their relationship real and tangible.
Lulu kept on, a bit hesitant, as if he also had trouble recollecting the events of that day. Even so, Nabisin always felt Lulu omitted crucial details in the narrative.
He said he ran to Nabisin’s aid, afraid he would die if he got horns injured, something that could aggravate matters.
But, something didn’t sit right with that follow up either. If Lulu hadn’t helped him, would he be dead?
It was silly to think of such a thing. Right now, he should focus on something else. Lingering on these thoughts offers no service.
There were many things Nabisin didn’t know about Luludân, which was agonizing to some degree, as if Luludân drew lines in their relationship.
No, they were always honest with each other; their relationship had no lies, limits, or gaps. It was almost as if he had been under some spell Lulu put him through, but that was unlikely also. Magic was prohibited, and even then the gods would never allow it.
He had questioned it for a long time, a persistant nagging thought that he had somehow been under Lulu’s spell, as if it were a strange possibility.
Natural laws couldn’t explain their union and boundless love, but there they were, in bright light, being themselves and loving themselves.
A man was designed to be with a woman, or so they were thought to be.
Luludân was designed for Nabisin, and they were satisfied with their own self-crafted truth. However, the details of that first meeting became murkier as the years passed.
He found himself cornered once again in a different place, one unfamiliar to him. His prison revealed itself in all of its terrifying glory.
Pulled out of his thoughts, guards approached his cell.
Enormous in stature compared to his modest frame, Nabisin always had to look up as both a sign of respect and honor for their noble job, despite this time keeping an innocent man behind bars.
It was no wonder why the entire high echelon up until the king was only composed of lizards and dragons.
But this time, together with them, a familiar muzzle appeared. Although covered in a cloth, Nabisin did a double take at who was approaching with haste and worry.
Slowly it dawned on him... {w}that muzzle belonged to a fox he knew quite well...
Wait, Shelibuum!
A menacing aura surrounded them; the guards were certainly not permitted to let this meeting happen!
Shelibuum must have bribed them to get to me, which meant this case would be difficult.
Covered from head to toe, her tail was also curled so as not to announce her presence. {w}Silence once again enveloped both of us.
In a way, it was comforting seeing an old friend. She fumbled in the pockets of her attire, taking out a carved statuette with an odd base that refused to remain still.
The strange object seemed almost drawn to Nabisin. {w}It shook a little, though that could’ve been Shelibuum’s nervousness getting the best of her.
The figurine had no imperfections, bumps, or signs of knife work, either.
It has been carved with perfect precision.
Examining the object further, Nabisin thought of asking Shelibuum, but she looked into Nabisin’s eyes, which mirrored his soul.
Signaling the guards she was done, they quickly scolded her back to outside.
Eluded by the statuette’s meaning, or the lack thereof, he pondered who could carve so perfectly like that.
The statuette was made of wood, with strange metal intertwining the core and then surfacing in intricate patterns.
Maybe another language, Nabisin thought.
Putting the statuette away for a second, he tried to think of many solutions to the enigma.
Suddenly he recognized it; that was Lulu’s art sculpted into a beautiful statuette!
The perfection was beyond any other man’s capacity, only one such as Lulu could’ve made such beautiful statuette with such detail and mindfulness.
It was a goat, like him, with its arms outstretched in prayer formation, though now that he examined the statuette, it seemed malleable enough to form any pose.
A visible smile cracked onto his face. Nabisin could feel as if the dark corridor he had been so desperately looking for a way out from had become less narrow.
{i}I knew it!{/i}
{i}He’s still after me!{/i}
Even though happiness restored Nabisin’s hope, as if he could sense Lulu’s presence in his enclosure, reaching for his chin and caressing his fur, he had more pressing matters.
Getting a sign is the first step towards his liberation. {w}Now, the hard part is still to come. He attempted to script how his trial may proceed in his mind.
Now that the heavy weight was swiftly lifted, the bed seemed to draw even closer to him. {w}His thoughts were all around the place.
It gave himself another excuse to just lay down and forget everything.
The chilly night felt a bit warmer that day. {w}The fine, scented breeze reminded Nabisin of his time sleeping at the temple headquarters once he had been initiated as a priest.
He was required to live by older priests and his colleagues. {w}A certain someone always tried to bother him at every turn.
Speaking up to the higher ones was of no avail, as they seemed to enjoy seeing acolytes being harsh to each other.
Sometimes it could be fun. {w}They used to play many silly games, but even when harsher forms of aggression took form, higher-ups still didn’t care.
The thick veil of the night was lifted, and sunlight entered through the small crevice in his cell of involuntary imprisonment.
Every day he followed the same routine, tiresome as it was. {w}He only had one thing to do: wake up and face the guards.
He shouldn’t have become accustomed to being in such a dire state, but he confessed he did out of fear he wouldn’t make it out.
Still, yesterday’s spark of change gave Nabisin a reason to hold out long enough for another sigh.
Each at their respective spots, the two guards shuffled places. {w}Nabisin assumed much was to come in the following hours.
The rusty creak of the cell opening would have been deafening to Nabisin had he not been so anxious about what was going to happen.
Being scolded down the corridors that served as his imprisonment, he felt several gushes of air coming his way, damp and breezy. The incense of nearby temples was noticeable to such a degree Nabisin knew today must be the god Shamash’s birthday.
A weird stinging sensation across his arms made them incredibly itchy for a moment. {w}His fur felt as if being torn apart by small flames, and his lower legs also felt worse than painful stings.
Then, as if nothing had happened, relief overwhelmed him. {w}The winds settled on him, making it much easier to reassess the situation and check his arms and legs.
Unsurprisingly, nothing seemed etched into his fur, as the burning sensation would have indicated. {w}Not a single scratch or patch of fur had been damaged.
Was his mind playing some sick trick on him on the way to his trial? Had he done something unusual?
Trying to calm himself, Nabisin remembered the small statuette tucked in his dirty robes.
It was the same as yesterday, though some of its metal markings seemed to glisten more than before, reflecting the sun like a crystalline pond.
Still trying to decode the meaning of these strange series of events, the statuette felt lighter for a second, as if could move on its own.
Then its usual weight came back.
If the gods wish to blind me, they can do as they please, but this absurdity needs to end. What in the name of heavens has happened to me?
Had my mind turned into stew for straying away from the gods!
Cursing under his breath, Nabisin was fuming, insecure about his situation, and even more nervous about being falsely accused of a crime he hadn’t committed.
Before long, the palace shadow projected onto Nabisin and the guards scolding him. {w}This menacing construction was the House of the Just and where Shulgi, King of the Four Corners of the World resided together with his personnel.
He once visited this place during his years of learning as an acolyte; now he is here as a prisoner.
The place was mostly the same as it always had been; nothing new was here beyond the new guards and King Shulgi sitting on his throne.
The trial would begin once the scribes arrived at the scene, prompted to either record this legal procedure or to spew and remind the accused person of his crimes.
Neither Lulu nor Shelibuum were seen. They were either late or were not invited. {w}This seemed quite strange, given that they also partook in Nabisin’s “crime” so to speak.
Out of the corner of his eye, a most unpleasant visage appeared: that of Utudug, the bastard who had made Nabisin’s life a torment. Hadn’t the universe paired them during his time as an acolyte, things could have been considerably different.
Trying to control his breath, Nabisin hated Utudug with every fur of his being; he felt more than willing to strangle him and leave him to rot under the Euphrates; may the gods forget he was ever there.
The silent hatred behind his facade intoxicated Nabisin’s hot, boiling blood with the most vile poison, so much so that he was crushing Lulu’s gift he had been holding this entire time.
His fists crushing the statue with his finger hooves, he should have broken the fragile, shiny metal sculpture, but despite this, the statuette refused to shatter.
Instead, it slipped from his hands, and the statuette, as if it had sprung to life, bounced upon the floor, rolling across the room until it stood upright.
Nabisin tried to grab the fleeting gift, jumping and spinning, which seemed to have a desire of its own, but once he caught the statuette, it refused to move from its spot, almost as if it was designed to be there.
No matter how much force he applied to pull, twist, even knock the statuette over, it was melded to the ground.
“Hey, you there! Get off the ground, mutt. The scribes are already here.”
Trying not to embarrass himself more, he rose from the ground and went back to his place. {w}He remembered when Shelibuum gave him the statuette and how, even though it had been less than a day, he had given the object emotional significance as a gift, hope, and love.
Yet it slipped from his hands as if it were forcibly jerked away, leading him to believe some otherworldly force animated it.
He couldn’t understand the meaning of anything that happened within the last days or so.
Remembering long lost memories that both reminded him of happier times of ignorance and the burning sensation that felt as if his skin was being torn apart, yet no signs of cuts. {w}Now add to the list his gift creating a mind of his own and attaching itself to the floor.
There was no explanation whatsoever. Being alone again was a mind-numbing experience. {w}He hadn’t been like this for years.
He was always by Luludân, and yet right now, he felt as if the world had become a husk of itself. {w}He barely knew what was to come.
Suddenly, the room grew wider and taller. {w}Nabisin, at the center, stood still when he saw another familiar muzzle—that of Shelibuum, calming his nerves. {w}At least she was smiling, but soon, she turned her gaze back to her doings.
“Nabisin, The one who calls upon Sîn, may you be judged with the god’s favor on your side, and may the rivers spare you. We are united here for your offenses towards Utudug, he who is good, towards your unnatural liking for the same as your sex.”
“Can you contest these accusations?”
The piercing and demanding voice of the judge cut through the air. {w}Everyone, including Nabisin, was taken back to the memory of that night.
The offense was to speak up before a high member of the priests, their favorite in fact, and leave so soon as to displease the high priests who had traveled from far and wide.
Nabisin tried to speak; {w}his mouth was gaping open several seconds before he could mutter any word under his breath.
Given his anger and almost desperation, he finally spurts some words.
“It was not my intention to so disrespect and misbehave as my high rank so demands at the feast.”
“Utudug has always been a sore pain in my life. From the time we were paired during our training to this very sour day.”
Trying to subdue his anger, he inhaled and exhaled in hopes of simmering down his hateful thoughts. {w}He calmly returned to his monologue.
“If thou hast a problem with what I do with my life, may the gods be in my favor and bring reason to this. {w}It is not your business to force yourself into my affairs and declare my desires to be inappropriate.”
“Only the gods are to administrate these petty matters. {w}Haven’t you noticed the increasing danger of Euphrates flooding our fields? Of our foodstuffs decaying? It is known our instability has only begun.”
The room fell into a deafening silence; even the judge and Utudug felt conflicted about speaking up again.
A dense aura surrounded the place. {w}The air felt quite heavy to breathe, as a thin beam of light appeared to shift and dance.
Nabisin felt sweaty for a moment, staring intently toward the statuette that was attached to the floor.
No one other than Nabisin noticed the atmosphere around them mutating, manifesting some tempest or solar eclipse. {w}The statuette was too far away, just outside his range of vision to notice the small details. {w}But its silhouette was visible, and it changed its pose.
He couldn’t quite understand what pose it was trying to do or what was happening.
His overwhelmed senses were overcome, the last barrier preventing insanity. {w}The ground felt like it was crumbling; he wanted to either vomit or faint.
Then just as suddenly, everything subdued, being cut with the Judge’s harsh voice.
“NABISIN! {w}Are you still with us?”
“Pardon, I may have entered a state of unwellness; my senses were overwhelmed-”
“Silence! {w}Your time is over. Utudug, who is good, may you speak?”
His ill intentions bathed his face with contempt, but he stood loosely. {w}Calmness was his mask, and his calculated, condescending gestures and words spit like a cobra’s venom.
“Well, I know much about our infancy and time spent at the temples, cares, and I didn’t hold such grudges against you, Nabisin. {w}I remind you, our activities were weak, but you grew sour of me and my comrades. How can one speak up for you when you clearly can’t handle a playful shove?”
“Onto the next matter, your liking is evident; you are feminine. {w}Girl-like. {w}Your taste is vile and that of twisted nature. {w}That’s very much why the gods had passed down the laws we know and exercise on this land, which by your own narrative is being punished by divine intervention or lack thereof.”
“You are practically a female, Nabisin. {w}Accept it. {w}Dress like one of them; your slender physique reminds me of a slave I once had who married a mutt and managed to become free."
"Much to your surprise I’m sure, I’m merciful and have bid them farewell. {w}But if you can’t bear the pains of a man, then fifty blows and becoming a eunuch shall suffice your perverted desires.”
Whispers filled the room left and right. {w}People were sure Utudug was right, but they also discussed the possibility of this going too far.
It’s been three years since the last time someone was beaten and made a eunuch.
Sure, things change. People become softer or harder over time, but it has come to the attention that, indeed, there were more pressing matters at the moment. {w}Likewise was what Nabisin had brought to the table.
Men can change the laws to better suit their needs, and the last time this happened, people decided it was too harsh a punishment.
Nevertheless, Utudug was adamant about his beliefs and spewed his poison everywhere.
The judge struggled to reestablish order in the room by speaking up, but his voice refused to reach anyone once the whispers became conversations and conversations became disagreements. But then…
“ENOUGH!”
Everyone went quiet, knowing he had the final word on this case. Each of them resented but complied with the call.
Not only was Nabisin’s fate given to others to meddle with, but his temper once again started to become increasingly hard to control once he started to stare at the statuette.
Time seemed to slow down, and the object he once appreciated seemed to move graciously, painting a pose that Nabisin tried to imitate.
“It is decided so, Nabisin, you are set to receive fifty blo-...”
The voice of the judge started to get muffled as the room goes silent.
As the statuette moved, Nabisin stroked another pose mimicking its elusive dance, expecting something, if anything, to happen. {w}He didn’t lose his composure because he knew unless something happened would be soon sentenced to a barbaric punishment that would debilitate him forever.
The statuette struck another pose, and Nabisin already knew to follow. {w}Meanwhile, the judge tried to raise his voice once more, and Nabisin ignored him. Locked in a trance-like state, he danced at the statuette’s will as if nothing else mattered.
The image he had hoped to see again flashed before his eyes; the palace descended in chaos, the light sources flickered, and gushes of wind intruded with all kinds of scents.
Nabisin didn’t think to connect his dance to the sudden shift in atmosphere. Winds became stronger and stronger, the floor started to shift a little bit, a tempest seemed to form outside, and on cue, it started raining.
Finally, the statuette’s dance seemed to reach its eventual end. The symphony of screams, chaotic shuffling, and Utudug bracing himself in terror before being thrown at a wall was probably the best scene Nabisin could imagine, and it was happening right before his eyes.
Was he doing all of that by following the movements? Was it magic? Some sort of favor of the gods? Or just a coincidence? As he struck the final pose, he didn’t know or seek to question further.
With it, time seemed to return to its natural flow, but something awful was bound to happen.
Ripples through the ground grew steadily; the judge seemed to struggle enough to hold himself upright. Meanwhile, Nabisin barely felt his feet shuffle. He was still waiting for the statuette to act more than create some cracks for his accusors to stumble upon.
Suddenly, with the tremor of an earthquake, the palace crumbled upon itself, brick by brick falling.The structure was barely holding itself, revealing a giant hole that engulfed everyone around Nabisin. The absolute horror on his face was notable, but he felt they earned their judgment.
Perhaps not everyone deserved the fate of getting swallowed by the bowels of the Earth, perhaps even the judge, but now the hole was getting bigger and bigger.
He wasn’t sure whether Shelibuum left the room in time; all he knew was that the place had become a husk of itself. {w}And he was standing in an unaffected pillar, a single section that had not crumbled.
There’s no doubt that that was beyond what Nabisin knew. {w}Could he even call that magic? Maybe it was the craft of a god in his favor, but the statue suggested that he himself had done it. 
No matter how much he wanted to believe it was an external factor, he somehow did that, and in the process he killed Utudug, the very man who wanted to see him frail and devoid of life.
By the time the earthquake subsided, Nabisin thought to himself. I guess that’s it, but where do I go from here?
Quietness overcame the echoing sounds of crumbling bricks and cracks opening. {w}Out of the mud that became the floor, a monster shouted at the top of his lungs. {w}A hand stuck out, and then the muzzle of a gray cat once called Utudug came into view.
“YOU! GRNNRNNRNANNGNGNNARHA!”
“You’re going to pay for this, girl-like abomination on the face of the gods. May you die painfully under the rivers-”
His distorted face of hatred and vengeance was all that Nabisin could see as Utudug rapidly became snail- like, his legs had been crushed by the earthquake he had summoned.
Then, it came to Nabisin he needed to do this. {w}He wanted to. {w}As much as kindness and reciprocity was his motif, his anger overwhelmed all other senses.
No one should be subjected to having their life threatened in this manner.
Nabisin landed a swift kick to Utudug’s face, after which he fell into another puddle of mud. {w}It soon succumbed to his weight and impact, swallowing the demon with a catlike disguise.
He was finally gone for good, and as much Nabisin felt tired and dirty, he felt like he had stood up to all the bad people in his life and literally kicked the worst of them all in the face.
Tired and feeling quite limp, he fell to his knees after such eventful evening. {w}The setting sun kissed his face with its array of yellow, orange and red colors while the sky displayed an even more beautiful array that made every moment of hell he had recently experienced somehow worth it.
Freedom. {w}Nabisin was liberated from the shackles of those who were against him. He didn’t care whether he had ended an entire dynasty or somehown ended the lives of people who were going to kill him anyway.
He only craved what many had, but was forbidden to have because of his own liking for the male build ... the all the curves and features of a male body, all of the symbolism and mundaneness of being a male and desiring men.
A cool breeze washed over his body, giving the sensation of freshness after a bath. He had longed for that for days.
Now to other nagging questions. {w}He thought of Luludân his love, and where was he, what he had done, what would happen to both of them.
If only being by his side meant everything was going to be just fine...
On the horizon, just before the sun set to be replaced by the veil of night, a figure similar of Luludân stood up. {w}He was holding up his arm, waving his hand erratically, waiting to be noticed.
The crumbled mess between the two made things quite difficult, but once Nabisin managed to climb out of his little altar, he ran for the man he had craved, missed and desired for so long, not caring whether he was stepping on ground that could collapse and swallow him up.
Finally, a tearful Nabisin was met with the caring arms of Luludân.
Once their bodies met in sweet embrace, everything else became a blur. {w}Right now they couldn’t be separated, even by the strongest force in the universe, their love was boundless, especially now when they haven’t seen each other for days.
The wind settled down, the sun rested beyond the horizon, and they both cried upon each other’s arms.
“I-, {w}I missed you greatly.”
Sheepishly admitting to Luludân, Nabisin took hold of his muzzle analyzing each and every detail of his features.
Soon they both kissed and caressed each other. {w}Luludân however moved his hand discretely. A few pillars shifted, raising them up above the ruins.
As the night settled in, they cuddled until one of them broke the silence with a simple question.
“Where do we go from here now?”
“{cps=2}...{/cps}”
“I know, its always been like this since we met, but there’s something I need to tell you...”
Charred sand dotted the landscape, while heavy black clouds with countless bolts of lightning running throughout, striking the land and causing any remnant of the previous world to go up in flames.
Darkness surrounded him, but he was used to this. {w}For thousands of years, even before the first man crawled from the mud, this was his existence.
Time was a construct he found no comfort in counting, for he didn’t experience things as mortals do. {w}Instead, in a cyclical manner, he could see everything before his very eyes, past, present, and future.
Having unraveled the mysteries of the material world, the Architects would never be able to track him down. {w}They gave him the power.
He could manipulate matter and its confines, bending reality to his whim.
In spite of such great power, he felt incredibly saddened, for this was without limits. {w}His life was extended to fulfill a forgotten promise, but he no longer cared.
His destiny was decided eons ago, set in stone by the Architect who once was his friend.
Yet he ignored his own destiny, disrespected the elders, and broke the seal. {w}He released The Flame onto every animal.
He wanted things to change because he already knew what would happen if he kept The Flame only to himself and the Architects, the gift to look up and tell to the stars who burnt without cease. 
Without guidance, he went astray, trudging though another thousand years without a purpose to fulfill or work to occupy his emptyness. {w}He witnessed civilizations rise and fall.
Agriculture had been discovered by the mortals a few years prior to his arrival. {w}Finally, something new! The landscape sprang to life as they worked the soil, yet he felt almost nothing towards these little creatures.
He witnessed their resilience: They fought with all their might to survive pestilence, disasters, murder, and war.
Death was the barrier that separated the mortals of this world from what came after.
He once tried to dispel their suffering, but it only ended in chaos. {w}He was called a god, a demon, a monster, an angel, the Fire, and the Darkness.
None of those titles ever felt right. He never cared for his name. {w}Existence itself was painful, even though he was unchanging and immortal.
He saw the oceans dry, the mountains blown by wind, turning into sand, and mountains to take form yet again.
Yet he was moved by the determination of the many sentient beings below in the mud.
They played and constructed buildings, to which they gave many purposes: houses for unknown figures, houses for goods, houses for sleep, amongst many other kinds.
He finally began to see potential in them, though it soon gave way to disappointment for practicing so many vile things.
Slavery, unjust punishment, murder, infidelity and corruption.
He could do nothing about it; direct interference would only reveal himself and make him easy prey for the Architects.
He despised being granted such immense, albeit useless power.
In ages past, his mentor taught him the process of creating, administrating, archiving, and destroying all, from a grain of sand to entire galaxies.
It was always the same process: create until there’s nothing left to make, oversee, legislate the order of the divine, record the failures and shortcomings of the mortals, then destroy all until nothing remains.
The current world was born from the first Crack in the Shell; a second could bring instability and lead to ruin.
That’s why he was assigned this exceptional job, keep the second crack sealed. {w}Twice he had broken his sacred duty, breaking his vow. If it weren’t for other pressing matters, he would be much present in the lives of Earthlings.
Despite everything, he chose to remain dormant.
His disobedience delayed the cycle of awakening of the Sons of Light, and they rotted beneath the ground. {w}Their souls dispersed, and a new form of life emerged.
Though they possessed the souls of Sons, their forms assumed a beast-like appearance, and each had their own quirks.
These were now his sons, not the Architects’. This was his own creation. {w}He changed the cycle for once. Now the eyes of the Architects would be upon him, but for once he didn’t care, and neither did his helpers.
There were mere changes here and there; he was proud for once, but also disappointed.
It all fell into the same script as before: violence, war, and treachery. He needed to interfere again.
The eyes of the Architects were only a temporary measure. Eliminating them, separating the fabric of this reality and isolating it from their influence shouldn’t be too hard ...
...
The entire process as effortless. {w}He should be fine now; the Architects were forever locked out of here. Now, the real fun could begin.
Morals and ethics were not etched into his mind; he didn’t need those; they were mere concepts for mortals beyond his understanding. Maybe once his ethereal essence finally disintegrates, he could finally experience ever-elusive death.
Now as an Architect as well, would experiencing death be a good thing? He questioned it no more. {w}He needed to take additional steps to put his plan into action.
However, he couldn’t find anybody fit for the task at hand: to hold infinite power, to be able to rip apart galaxies, to know all the secrets of existence.
Of course, he had already secured the future holder of this power. {w}It was imperative they wouldn’t break out of the confines of this plane and pierce through his barrier.
Perhaps they could see into realms beyond this existence through a {i}{color=#e619b9}reflection{/color}{/i}. But there was no time to speculate.
{cps=2}.......{/cps}
By this time his sons' settlement was quietly growing into a massive city, perhaps the biggest Anthro settlement at this point in any cycle's history. {w}Yet he also witnessed once more the thing he truly despised, despite being mostly amoral.
Enslaved people were seen right and left. All of them were hoofed. {w}They enslaved deer, goats, and even donkeys.
He was disgusted by this, to force a man to do forced work, even if it meant to pay off debt. {w}He was forced into his position, an all-powerful yet unwilling Watcher, and did not wish the same for his children.
There he finally noticed someone, around early childhood, serving in the household of a wealthy family.
He still had no name and could barely speak. {w}After all, why bother with a name for mere property?
The child cowered within the walls of the house, afraid of the massive world that stood out to him. {w}His owners, a family of cats, were away for awhile. {w}He spoke directly into the kid's skull to communicate more privately.
“Hey kiddo, I think I'd like to help you.”
“Ah, who are you? Get out of my head!”
“Oh, sorry, don’t be afraid! I just wanna talk to ya.”
“If you would rather speak face to face, just look for a more secluded space.”
The kid almost cried from the sudden introduction of a new voice inside his brain.
He had considered calling his parents, but he knew they would just ignore him like always. {w}After all, they had their duties to attend to.
When the child moved to a more secluded space of the house, “He” was already there expecting the kid.
Somehow, the child recognized his appearance even though they had never met.
This would have seemed strange if he appeared as the Anthros, but “his” muzzle was flattened, almost box-like. {w}More importantly, his body had the appearance of a night sky, with stars fading in and out.
“Are you one of the Dingir?”
“{cps=2}...{/cps}”
“My apologies, little one, but I don’t hold the to the concept you mortals usually have of labeling yourselves from the moment of birth.”
“I once had a name, but now I go by none.”
“Simply call me “He”, and we’ll be on the same page.”
“You’re very strange, sir; I shouldn’t be here…”
“Mommy is going to be mad at me.”
“Worry not. The purpose of this visit is to give you my power. We shall make a deal.”
“I see a great brilliance in your future, little one, and with that, you shall observe over the creation and give this power good use.”
“What you talking about? You're weird!”
“Just know one thing, my time is not long at the moment. Don’t worry about the details, just follow your intuition and hold my hand.”
Though intimidated by the strange figure before him, the child felt a calmness wash over his body, and it settled deep within.
He didn’t see "him" as a threat or a friend, but perhaps it would be his means to get Pa and Ma out of debt and finally be free.
He would give anything to get away from that family of nasty cats, especially their horrible, entitled brat son who kept pulling on his growing antlers.
He hated that little cat brat so much!
“Deal.”
As the child put his hands forward, so did “him”. “His” hand had a kind of different warmth to it, smooth but also ethereal... {w}kind of like touching the night sky.
He also felt a stinging sensation in his hands like something was piercing through his skin, but it was bearable enough that he continued holding “his” hand.
A small tingle started in “his” chest and went up to “his” shoulder and then onto “his” arm, down the elbow, meeting the child’s hand to be absorbed by the jovial boy.
Once the ritual was done, “he” spoke up.
“Doesn't it feel amazing? I still remember how that moment felt.”
“I fully trust you, kiddo, bear this power for me, wield it wisely for all of us.”
“I know I may seem to be a completely unhinged person right now, but I’m actually{cps=1}...-{/cps}”
The figure started to dissipate ever so slightly, each star beginning to fade, being blown away from his body, evaporating into dust. {w}“He” collapsed on the floor, still trying to stand up.
“Hey sir are you ok? I can get a healer for you quick.”
“There’s no need for that, young one; I made this decision knowing the consequences.”
“I’m going to be fine. {w}I’m not made of bone and flesh like you; my existence is a mere detail in the great scheme of things. {w}I have denied my existence in favor of changing things and breaking this accursed cycle.
Unlike me, you shall not be bound by the decree of the Architects to watch and not interfere.”
“It is time I finally experience what you mortals call, dying.”
“Promise me, use this gift to change things, otherwise my efforts had gone to fail. {w}I won't force you, but please be my acolyte, and as a master, I shall fully release you onto the wilderness.”
“What! {w}No, you cannot go; I know nothing what you have given me.”
“What am I even supposed to do?”
Whimpering, the kid tried to quieten his senses and be reasonable, but he became increasingly susceptible to crying.
While he was well acquainted with pain, death was not something he was used to witnessing. {w}Tears soaked his fur, but even so, “he” had faded into the air.
Yet as the last shreds of "his" existence dissipated, the boy's emotions suddenly became controlled, as if they could be easily dealt with. {w}He had never been able to do that, but it was such an incredible feeling.
He nearly forgot what had just happened a moment ago.
No longer worried, he reverted to his regular childhood self and ignored all that had happened.
A week or two later, a tingling sensation spilling from his fingers made him realize that moment wasn't a dream. {w}It wasn’t a trick of his mind. {w}It was quite real.
Had “he” been a god among men, he didn’t know...
But what he did is that he had a mission. {w}He just didn’t know where to begin.
